{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ReadMe for GitHub\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs64 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MarmosetCortex\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf0 \
Network analysis of marmoset connectivity data. Contains matlab files and .csv data files for analysis of marmoset cortex connectivity data from marmoset brain.org, and Paxinos Atlas.  \
\ul Publication #1\ulnone : Bernard A Pailthorpe. \'93Network analysis of Marmoset cortical connections reveals pFC and sensory clusters\'94. Preprint at bioRxiv (Feb 2024). Submitted to Front. Neuroanatomy (Mar 2024).\
\

\b\fs28 \ul Codes
\b0\fs32 \ulnone :\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 MarmosetReadDataV1.m,  (read in basic data)\
MarmosetTestCalcV3.m,  (basic calc & plots)\
MarmosetTemporalNetV2.m (3D vis, link  tracing)\
\
\ul Data files\ulnone :\
AdjMarmoset.csv, AdjFullMarmoset.csv, AdjMarmoset_Rescale2b.csv, \
MarmosetAcrn116.csv, MarmosetAcrn139to116.csv, CoordsMarmoset.csv, MarmosetLobes116.csv, VolsMarmoset.csv, MarmosetPairListRescale2b.clu, MarmosetGrayImageSlice.csv .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 Publication #2\ulnone : Bernard A Pailthorpe. \'93Simulated dynamical transitions in a heterogeneous 1 Marmoset pFC cluster\'94. Submitted to Front. Comp. Neurosci. (Mar 2024).\
\

\b\fs28 \ul Codes
\b0\fs32 \ulnone :\

\fs28 MarmosetReadDataV1, fourNMfreqV5b.m, sixNMclusterV4b.m, sixNMclusterV5d.m, \
sixNMfreqV5b.m, WaveTrains.m; JR12a.m, R12v5b.m, R12v5d.m.\
\ul Data\ulnone : one file,  AdjMarmoset_Rescale2b.csv, from above list. \
\
}